Update the governance review template to match the new checklists (#749)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: governance/reviews/template.md

Satisfactory: project has appropriate governance for its maturity level and is following that governance
Mostly Satisfactory: project has mostly appropriate governance, but needs to fix one or two things
Needs Work: project's governance is lacking and inadequate for its current level of maturity, and needs substantial work to overcome that
In Crisis: project appears to be having a meltdown and needs CNCF intervention to survive
--->

Status: Exemplary|Satisfactory|Mostly Satisfactory|Needs Work|In Crisis

<!--- Short paragraph summarizing the general state of project governance. In the event the project governance requires attention, notify the TOC liaison for their awareness. --->

### Executing the Assessment

<!--- A brief description that details the timebox the assessment occurred and the individuals involved in the assessment. --->

### Must-Fix Items

The following issues have been identified that need to be resolved before [project milestone or other requirement]:

> <!--- The items in the list should be summarized, have a prioritized ordering and are expected to be considered Critical or High, they are usually blockers to project advancement. For each item in this list, a corresponding detailed description should be supplied. Note that which items are required depends on the project's maturity level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- The items in the list should be summarized, have a prioritized ordering and are expected to be considered Critical or High, these are explicit and implicit blockers to project advancement within the [CNCF Matriculation process](https://github.com/cncf/toc/tree/main/process#how-to-apply-to-move-levels). For each item in this list, a corresponding detailed description should be supplied. Note that which items are required depends on the project's maturity level. 
```

Reviewer: suggesting explicit and implicit be added here. Explicit being named criteria, implicit being something happening that inhibits or fails to meet the intent of the explicit criteria which would otherwise appear met.

directly to the CNCF CoCC, you need to check if this is adequately documented, including
who receives the reports and how and where they're evaluated. --->

### Subprojects

* All subprojects, if any, are listed.
* If the project has subprojects: subproject leadership, contribution, maturity status documented, including add/remove process.

<!--- If the project has subprojects, plugins, or other divisions define them here. For each, is ownership and operation of clearly described? Are any standing committees/teams fully described, including listing their members? Does it conform to, align, and is it within scope of the governance expectations of the project?  Does is list communications channels and standing meetings?
A subproject audit is often very useful to projects because this part of things tends to 
bit-rot quite a bit, and you can help them see where they need to update it. --->

The project includes the following sub-projects, plugins, and other notable divisions:

| Area | Ownership and Operation | Communications | Project Alignment | Notes |
|:-----|:-----------------------:|:---------------:|:------------------|:---|

> |*sub-project*| Complete/Partial/Missing | Complete/Partial/Other | Complete/Partial/Conflict | |

Reviewer: so we have a requirement that subprojects are listed, should a link to that listing be included in the governance review in addition to the evaluation table?

Author: That should be elsewhere in the doc; I moved things around to match the ordering of the Incubating/Graduated application.

Author: Not quite following?  What are you suggesting to add here?

Reviewer: in its simplest form:
The project maintains a listing of sub-projects located here: $LINK
The sub-projects, plugins, and other notable divisions are as follows:
$TABLE

Reviewer: this would provide an referenceable link to items included, and could surface a mis-alignment with the listed subprojects and discovered sub-projects.

Author: Aha.  Yeah, that's good when the project has a list.  Most projects don't; usually their application is the first time they actually make a list.  I'll write it as a swap in the template.

Author: I added quite a bit to this section to have clear instructions for the reviewers.

owned by the CNCF, or are some of them private channels controlled by someone else? -->

* Up-to-date public meeting schedulers and/or integration with CNCF calendar.

<!-- Does the project have a calendar (ideally integrated with the CNCF calendar)
that lists all documented meetings?  Are there archival videos and minutes kept
of these meetings?  Are the meeting agendas findable and useful? --> 

* Documentation of how to contribute, with increasing detail as the project matures.

<!-- Files: contributing.md, reviewing.md, release.md, other files which form a
howto for contributors.  Check for the presence of these and their completeness;
as a project grows it should be adding more and more detailed content to its contributor
docs. Cite missing parts based on the level of maturity of the project. --->

* Demonstrate contributor activity and recruitment.

<!-- Check provided evidence Spot check issue and PR activity on the project's main repos,
and the devstats charts related to contributions.  Are contributions by non-maintainers
handled or ignored?  Is the project accumulating a backlog of unreviewed contributions, or

> concluding them? --> 

Reviewer: i think the portion of this we dont have good coverage on is the "Recruitment" aspect.  for me is look to see if they're inviting people to meetings, inviting to participate, presence at KCCN, etc. thoughts on including this check or for now lets hold off?

Author: Well, recruitment is easy to assess if it's successful; you can see it through steadily increasing numbers of new contributors.  It's more qualitative if it's not very successful, but then feedback is required anyways.

Reviewer: gotcha. thanks for the clarification!

Satisfactory: project has appropriate governance for its maturity level and is following that governance
Mostly Satisfactory: project has mostly appropriate governance, but needs to fix one or two things
Needs Work: project's governance is lacking and inadequate for its current level of maturity, and needs substantial work to overcome that

> In Crisis: project appears to have several outstanding, critical issues that require attention, clarity, and/or direct guidance from CNCF in order to return to a state of good health and standing.

Reviewer: This states "CNCF". Do we need to list the various entities that would need to provide direction? Should this be explicit as to who?

Author: I don't think so; this is the template for reviewers, not the public document for projects.

If the project is handling their own CoC reports rather than just sending them 
directly to the CNCF CoCC, you need to check if this is adequately documented, including
who receives the reports and how and where they're evaluated. --->

### Subprojects

* All subprojects, if any, are listed.
* If the project has subprojects: subproject leadership, contribution, maturity status documented, including add/remove process.

<!--- If the project has subprojects, plugins, or other divisions define them here. For each, is ownership and operation of clearly described? Are any standing committees/teams fully described, including listing their members? Does it conform to, align, and is it within scope of the governance expectations of the project?  Does is list communications channels and standing meetings?
A subproject audit is often very useful to projects because this part of things tends to 
bit-rot quite a bit, and you can help them see where they need to update it. 
If the project has a full listing of suboprojects use the text below.  Completeness hinges on whether subproject listings include full ownership, communications, and alignment info. --->

> The project maintains a [listing of subprojects](LINK).  This listing appears to be [Very Complete|Mostly Complete|Incomplete].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The project maintains a [listing of subprojects - add link].  This listing appears to be [Very Complete|Mostly Complete|Incomplete].
```

Just a nit. With the way it was formatted it looked like it was already a link, not something that needs to be added.

Author: I followed the way we handle links to be filled in for Project Templates.
